as we just heard UK pop polka chapter
give it up for Guerra this week leading
up to the tournament and stuff like that
how are you how do you view it's been
the best time of my and the experience
about this words cannot express I mean
it's just been absolutely amazing and
it's just in remember when we met yeah
first saw a few days you're already sort
of emotional about it yeah yeah I was
missing home but yeah this is just made
it oh yeah this is the dream this is no
so kind of going into like there hit the
heads up side of things
yeah I mean it was one hand yeah yeah he
shoved you thought I was like at the ASF
that I've got to do it and I'm fairly at
all
and it works out good yeah just great
happen I'm excited
Leslie UK pop folk tunes Calculon 2013
2014 world is very hot yeah yeah you
said it darling